[DOC-8083] Updates to Alerts page for Azure (#17328)
cockroachdb/docs: src/current/cockroachcloud/alerts-page.md

summary: The Alerts page allows you to toggle CockroachDB Cloud alerts and view alert history.
toc: true
docs_area: manage
page_version: v23.1
---

The **Alerts** page allows you to enable email alerts, send test alerts, and view the email recipients and alert history for your {{ site.data.products.db }} organization. To view the Alerts page, [log in](https://cockroachlabs.cloud/) and click **Alerts**.

{{site.data.alerts.callout_info}}

> The **Alerts** page is accessible on {{ site.data.products.dedicated }} clusters. For {{ site.data.products.serverless }} clusters, all [Org Administrators](authorization.html#org-administrator-legacy) automatically receive email alerts when your cluster reaches 50%, 75%, and 100% of your [resource limits](../{{site.versions["stable"]}}/architecture/glossary.html#resource-limits).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The **Alerts** page is applicable for {{ site.data.products.dedicated }} clusters in your {{ site.data.products.db }} organization. For {{ site.data.products.serverless }} clusters in your organization, all [Org Administrators](authorization.html#org-administrator-legacy) automatically receive email alerts when your cluster reaches 50%, 75%, and 100% of your [resource limits](../{{site.versions["stable"]}}/architecture/glossary.html#resource-limits).
```

**CMEK:**

- Cluster node unable to start due to CMEK key access failure.
{% comment %}- Encrypted backup failed due to CMEK key access failure.{% endcomment %}

If you receive an alert repeatedly, you may need to [optimize your workload](../stable/make-queries-fast.html) or [scale your {{ site.data.products.db }} cluster](cluster-management.html?filters=dedicated#add-or-remove-nodes-from-a-cluster).

> [Org Administrators](authorization.html#org-administrator-legacy) also receive email alerts when your cluster undergoes an automatic [patch version upgrade](upgrade-policy.html#patch-version-upgrades).

Reviewer: I'm checking with folks if this is true. News for me.

{{site.data.alerts.callout_success}}

> When scaling your cluster, Cockroach Labs recommends that VMs for production clusters include a minimum of {% include {{ page.page_version }}/prod-deployment/provision-cpu.md threshold='minimum' %}. If increasing vCPU doesn't sufficiently improve performance, then add more nodes. Refer to [Recommended Production Settings](/docs/{{site.versions["stable"]}}/recommended-production-settings.html).

Reviewer: I think we should keep this update out of this PR, and I would like it to be a separate one which can be reviewed by relevant people.

Author: Discussed offline, this info doesn't belong in this page anyway. I'll remove it.

{{site.data.alerts.end}}

## Configure alerts

To enable alerts:

1. Under **Configure {{ site.data.products.db }} alerts**, toggle the **Alerts are on** switch.
1. Under **Add Email Recipients**, add at least one email address and click **Add**.

> Alerts are enabled for all clusters in your Organization.

Reviewer: Dedicated only?

> Alerts are enabled for all clusters in your Organization.

Author: ```suggestion
Alerts are enabled for all {{ site.data.products.dedicated }} clusters in your Organization.
```
